---
template: blog-post
title: A Better Web
slug: /blog/betterweb
date: 2021-06-25 22:48
description: A better web has been in development through the use of Jamstack
  architecture, and while it's early in the journey, things look promising.
featuredImage: /assets/fredrick-tendong-hvyepjyehdq-unsplash.jpg
---
The internet can often feel like a polluted city. A place overrun with the noise of ads and a shortage of fresh air. It's not that popular sites have no value, or that the web is broken. It just feels like it could be so much better.

We contend that the missing piece is you. Your voice, your perspective, your genius. 

What if you had the means to create a presence owned by you. A presence secure by default, capable of scaling from an audience of one to a readership of millions. And what if that approach did not require you to maintain any hardware, offloading any heavy lifting, giving you space to just create and share?

We want that for you, and this entire site exist to bring that reality closer to you, through the Jamstack Architecture.

## What is Jamstack?

Jamstack a method that uses Javascript, APIs, and Markup to create web apps and web sites that are secure, scalable, and self-owned by creators.

## What Differentiates Jamstack from traditional hosting solutions?

In traditional web environments, you would depend on servers, databases, and content management systems to keep your site running. Each of the components in that value chain would require real or virtualized equipment, increasing costs and decreasing available time for content creation.

\[illustration]

Jamstack simplifies the user experience by serving static files through a content delivery network and leveraging microservices through APIs to deliver interactivity and database functionality, if and when needed. Jamstack's advantage rests in flexibility and resource-friendliness matched with world class performance.

An added upside for you is that while the hardware running these systems would still exist, you would not be in charge of managing it. Your concern would simply be the content and the front end.